lagi
In the morning, survival comes to the multinational capital
The morning comes to the multinational capital
The morning comes when you make corn
Killing each other identify it as the same women
Your kously average Yoryu is also alone
And there is no other way
If any of your wives tell you that
Was a execute in the market
this is our country!
The voice of the cry of the watchmen
you GO TO religion
All men
legally or not
follow the laws...
the law.
that is
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Know the ho外
Why take on you
I have exit
Mine
realize sadness
worn out melt
The End